[RUM] GA (#5977)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/usage_monitor_apm.md

3. Select `count` (you can select `*`)
4. Select Export -> Export to Monitor
5. Define the Analyzed Span volume rate you would like to set as a warning or error.

> 6. Define an explicit notification: The volume of Analyzed Spans on this service just got too high. Define an additional exclusion filter or increase the filtering rate to put it back under control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Define an explicit notification: The volume of Analyzed Spans on this service is too high. Define an additional exclusion filter or increase the filtering rate to put it back under control.
```
